Minor additions and corrections (#14)
ankitects/faqs: src/hard-good-interval-longer-than-good-easy.md

When a card is in learning:

- Again will be the first learning step

> - Hard will be the average of Again and Good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hard will repeat the current learning step (except on the first step, where it is the average of first and second steps)```
